Alex Cherekdjian
Coen 177 Lab 6
Tuesday 2:15
February 12, 2019

	In order to setup vmware, we ran the "setup vmware" command in a terminal window. This should be run only once per login to setup vmware. Then, since we did not initially have a copy of minix, we needed to set this up. We did this by running the "minix-get-image" command. This should only be run in two cases 1: if you do not currently have an image of minix in the virtual machine, 2: if a modification you made in the minix machine made it unusable. This should not be run more than once if not needed as it will completely wipe any progress made on a current image. Next, we run vmware by typing "vmware &". You should see the minix option on the left. If not, open Virtual Machine -> “vm images” subfolder -> “minix3” subfolder -> minix3.vmx. The minix system will ask for a username which is "root". Change the password by following the onscreen instructions to something you can remember (I changed mine to "root"). Essentially, you type passwd into the command line and it will prompt you to write a new password and then retype it to confirm. In the minix machine, type the following command: tcpd ftp /usr/bin/in.ftpd &. This will launch the FTP daemon allowing the local system to transfer files. Once this succeeds, type: "ifconfig" into the minix command line to figure out its IP address. Then, click control and alt to get out of VM and open a new terminal window that is not currently running vmware. In that terminal type: "ftp <the IP address you got from ifconfig>". This will connect to the minix system.
	Then, find the COPYWRITE print statment in the files. First use "ls" to find the available directories. Then. you can use the command: grep "Copywrite" $(find directory). Use this to search each directory for the keyword copywrite. For example, if I wanted to check the kernel folder, I would type: grep "Copywrite" $(find /usr/src/kernel). Note you do need to cd into that directory first to use the command or else you will get a not enough core error, essentially saying there are way to many files to check. Now that you have found the file, click control and alt to return to the linux system. 
	In the terminal window that is connected to the minix machine, type: "get <file>" and replace file with whatever file you want transfered from the minix to the linux machine. When this succeeds, the file will appear in your user folder. Open the file, make the necessary changes ie. change the copywrite message to say whatever you want it to say. Once finished, to put back the file on the minix machine type: "put <file>". Now return to the /usr/src directory. Then type: "make world" which will recompile minix. When that is done, type: "reboot" and watch the modifications take effect. 
